who is corpse husband
Corpse Husband (real name unknown) has long been recognized for his deep voice. He’s a YouTuber who started his career five years ago by reading “real life horror stories” full of anecdotes of peoples’ run-ins with criminals, creepy dates, and more. The videos did relatively well. Today these videos hover between 876 thousand and 2.2 million views, but still largely appeal to a niche audience.

Corpse Husband has never revealed his face to his fans — the most we’ve ever gotten is a video interview with his face digitally obscured. He will, however, post photos of the back of his hand. He wears chunky metal rings, chipped nail polish, and sometimes bracelets with plastic beads that look like the kind you make in elementary school during craft time. Instead of his face, he uses a cartoon avatar based on Frank from the psychological thriller film, Donnie Darko. In a stream, he said he picked his moniker randomly on a whim.

We don’t know much about what he looks like, but he does speak openly about his day-to-day challenges. In an interview, he claimed that he dropped out of school when he was 12 years old and shared that he has severe anxiety. According to his Twitter he suffers from chronic illness and he occasionally tweets out when he can’t sleep and messages like, “reminder to take care of myselffffffffffff and stop wrecking my body.”

how did he become famous
Despite his dark image, there is a lot to like about Corpse Husband. This is because he comes across as sincere, and sometimes even charming. On Twitter, he posts art from his fans and will retweet fans wearing his merch, giving him a veneer of accessibility. Peers like Valkyrae speak fondly of him, noting that he’s like a little brother to her.

One moment that neatly captures his appeal is when he met Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez online for the first time during an Among Us stream encouraging viewers to get out the vote. The event was huge and brought in some of the biggest names in streaming, like Imane “Pokimane” Anys, Benjamin “DrLupo” Lupo, Hasan “HasanAbi” Piker, and of course, Corpse Husband.

In Among Us, up to 10 friends can get together online and play a murder mystery like Mafia and Werewolf. On one side, there are murders — called imposters — trying to sabotage efforts to repair a space station. On the other side are the crewmates. As the imposters run around and kill people, the crewmates will do their best to carry out a series of tasks to repair the station and figure out who the secret imposters are. Lying and accusing others of murder is a huge part of the game.

Corpse joined during the event, but unlike everyone else on camera, he was only using his voice. When Ocasio-Cortez heard him for the first time, she giggled, “his voice is so deep.” Later on Corpse called on Ocasio-Cortez while playing, “Uhhhh AOC?” Fearing an accusation of misdeeds in the game, Ocasio-Cortez responded by saying she didn’t do anything. But instead of accusing her of murder — a normal part of the game — he asked, “Uh, how’s your day?” Ocasio-Cortez lets off a smile and tells him that she is doing great, making for a sweet exchange.

Endearing moments like that have helped him break into new audiences — over 435 thousand viewers saw Corpse be cute that evening in a star-studded stream that was one of the top five most viewed individual streams in Twitch’s history. This time, and every other time Corpse streams the game, he gets exposure to the audiences of nine other streamers. And while he credits much of his early streaming success to playing alongside personalities like PewDiePie, the massive amount of exposure from other streamers gave him a fast-track ticket to internet celebrity.

The fact that the person who sings “Choke me like you hate me” can also be sweet and cute to a U.S. congresswoman shows the range of his appeal. Corpse is cool to young people, his presence on TikTok shows that e-girls and e-boys alike love him or want to be him, as do young goths and punks. If people aren’t interested in his edgier side, then they can his light-hearted streams. While he generally has a younger audience — TikTok and watching video game streams tend to be well-liked by young people — he’s established a broad audience few are capable of.

esides the numbers game, the pandemic boosted Corpse’s image in a unique way. His once extreme lifestyle of never leaving the house, even before a pandemic, suddenly became extremely relatable to all his listeners. In “agoraphobic” he sings, “‘Cause I’ll age another fuckin’ thousand days before I know it. Yeah, I spend ‘em all inside, waste my time while I’m scrollin.’” The sulky sad boy who stays in and plays video games became all of us.

why do people like him
Watching a faceless stranger play over 30 minutes of a video game might not sound like the most fun way to spend your time, but Corpse and his cohort make for an absolutely chaotic time. While the group varies, Corpse will stream with a solid set of regulars like Valkyrae, Disguised Toast, and Sykkuno and fans love to watch specific streamers build relationships over time — especially Sykkuno and Corpse.

The group finds ways to switch up playing the game. In one stream, everyone acted like a different character from the Sherlock Holmes series and then spoke with a British accent the entire time. The appeal comes from the performance and antics — not as much the technical skill of playing the game.

At one point, the influencer Bretman Rock asked Corpse if he celebrated Noche Buena since Corpse once said he is half Mexican. As the two stand in a hallway Bretman pushes the question, “If you do have noche buena, besides me, what will you be eating?” Corpse just keeps saying “Bretman” over and over while laughing, at one point Valkyrae chimes in, “I can hear [Corpse] blushing through the microphone.” The absurd conversation happening alongside all the mundane tasks is a very sitcom-esque moment that is reminiscent of The Office.

what does he do
He made his musical debut in 2016, being featured on the single "Grim Grinning Ghost" by The Living Tombstone and Crusher P. His YouTube career later dovetailed into making music. 

In September 2020, he released the single "E-Girls Are Ruining My Life!", featuring vocals from rapper Savage Ga$p, which generated major wide-spread commercial success for Corpse in 2020. The song charted at 28 in Bulgaria, 90 on the UK Singles Chart, and 24 in Billboard's Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart. It also reached more than 100 million streams on Spotify, and was ranked second on Spotify's Viral 50 songs chart.

While he doesn’t post much on TikTok, the platform has served his music well — the official audio for his song, “E-GIRLS ARE RUINING MY LIFE!” has been used in over 310 thousand videos, not including popular remixes. On Spotify alone, one of his tracks has reached over 100 million streams.

In short, Corpse Husband is the force behind some major internet trends and culture right now. His music speaks (albeit sometimes angrily) to the centrality of online life. In “E-girls,” he expresses his love-hate relationship with the subculture of goth girls on TikTok who dye their hair in bright colors. One lyric reads, “Choke me, like you hate me, but you love me.” His other songs are littered with nerdy references, “MISS YOU!” has an anime inspired music video and his song “agoraphobic” is intentionally produced in a low fidelity style popularized by YouTube.

In March 2021, Corpse was featured on Machine Gun Kelly's song "DayWalker". On March 18, 2021, a music video for the song was released, featuring fellow YouTuber and streamer Valkyrae portraying Corpse. The song became Corpse's first Billboard Hot 100 entry, charting at number 88, and second on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number 53.